Greetings and welcome to, well, perhaps the first time you've heard me
coherently in my own element in well over a year and a half.  I am Cthulu,
founder and erstwhile leader (heaven forbid) of the former art group known
as Mistigris.  From now on, we are to be known as í.  Er... on second thought,
belay that order.  (The best part about being in a nearly-empty group is that
you don't have to worry about people taking your facetious statements at face
\L[goto,"hbin:about.hbi"][value][value].)

{This is an editorial aside within this editorial, demonstrating the format in
which subsequent asides or amendments to texts have been made.}

The time was Winter, 199x, and as we were trapped indoors our stomachs began
to churl and grind and yap and whimper until finally, we were forced to pool
our knowledge of all things culinary \f4\s\(and many \f3thi\f2ngs\l non-\)\r for our very
lives, or at least a hope at the good life.  Time has passed, and the state
of the cupboards of the nation is once again bereft of any weighty value.
Attitudes slide and our thoughts become as tasteless as our food.  No longer!
We here at Mistigris present to you again a collection of conversations,
entries and ponderings on food, foodstuffs, the nature of food, whether there
really is a Food, and what kind of sauce It should be sauteed in.

It should be noted that the TabNet food-discussion echo has been indispensible
in the amassing (read: capturing) of nourishing material and special thanks go
out to \ffH\f7a\f8c\f8k\f7e\ffr\l \f1J\f9o\f1e\l and Zinnia Lit-From-Within for allowing this e-mag to be
escape the convoluted confines of my hard drive and be brought to the light
and freedom.  From here we can only hope that the knowledge contained herein
will convey itself to your grocery lists and from there to your mouths, past
your tongues and deep into your gastrointestinal system.  Think of us next
time that you burp.

As a political possibility regarding this month's artscene theme of "Hunger",
it should be noted that Mistigris promotes food banks, farmer's markets, free-
range chickens, cheese, home gardens, home composting, reduced dairy
consumption, vegitarianism, cheese, preservative-free food, pesticide- and
herbicide-free agricultural practices, non-genetically-engineered foods,
public breastfeeding, cheese, picnics, cheese and endemic global anarchy.
Oh, and did I mention cheesE?  (Note: these views are those of the editor and
not necessarily those of the members of Mistigris or contributors to Imbibe
or even of different parts of the editor's brain, which may result in some
contradictory presences in the list above.)

Throw out usable food and we come to your door with a potato cannon (loaded
with something thoroughly inedible - like old socks and cheeze whiz) and blast
you into sensibility.  Boycott Kraft and Starbucks because they are owned or
work with Philip Morris.  (While you're at it, boycott Nestle, which gives
free formula to new mothers in undeveloped countries and Coca-Cola, which is
now trying to supplant water in countries without potable aquifiers.)

Is our radicalism {Compos Mentis: who is this "us", Cthulu, you and your
tapeworm?} frightening you off?  I'll close on a toned-down wavelength, then,
discussing what and why this e-mag is.  

One thing I noticed when putting together Kithe #14 was how my habit of
capturing interesting messages had resulted in so many diverse files (granted,
over the course of about a year) that we really had enough material for three
or four e-mags and that the material was split along such lines to actually
catalyse such an action.  The hard thing was to find an excuse to put them
together, as in Kithe #14.  Without such a, er, malleable e-mag environment
I suspect I wouldn't ever had found a legitimate reason to clump together
writings on food, psychology, dreams, mist goings-on and the act of writing
itself.  With the exception of psychology, which proved to be not such a hot
topic outside a set of two individuals, Kithe #14 proved that we had enough
material to provide each of those topics with a mag dedicated to each.  One
proposed format for future Kithes (before a long draught of coder availability
and later, coder usage) was for each subsequent issue, for a while, be a
launching-pad for another mag on another topic until each of these themes had
a mag of its own and Kithe was left once again as a small, handy mag once
again dedicated exclusively to mist activity, not what its members ate and
thought while they were asleep 8\).

This may well be the format of future issues of Kithe, but we expect more from
food since it has already had an issue dedicated to it - the Kithe Cookbook of
issue X.  Thus you have here the cornerstone issue of a new mag, no longer so
tied to Mistigris.  Everyone out there eats (what was that quote... "Anyone
who eats three meals a day can understand why food books outsell sex books
three-to-one...") so we expect you all to send in your own recipes,
conversations and later on, perhaps even restaurant reviews, food-related
poetry and fiction to make this publication capable of being a regular one
not exclusively packed with the inbred mutterings of TabNet residents.

                Imbibe - eat us before we eat you!  Grrrr@!

                                                        - Cthulu
                                                          Mistigris President
                                                          and glutton
