ZK> Is eating undercooked cake bad for you, even if it's vegan?

 Sweetheart, whether your cake is Regan, Vegan, Fagan, Megan, or Pagan you'll 
survive another day to eat another cake. They won't hurt you much, no more
than the shell-shock your senses will develope 40 years from now: a new breed 
of the walking-wounded, muttering "nobody does it better, babe, I goota have 
it, nothing else tastes like it and you, ho ho ho, the very best chocolate".

While having my wart shaved I cursed and cursed that it had to be the greatest
pleasure, a feeling that this society cannot come close to offering: a real 
feel. Sale! Sale! Sale! Rememberance Blow Out! 

 Fuck: any excuse, any fucking excuse to push their wares on us. That is the 
offer, the nebulous, all fuzzy and comfy Sale! starting at crap o'clock and 
ending around sometime that doesn't matter 'cause it's only a segue into 
another crap o'clock. Set your watch to crap o'clock, honey, that's the only 
time. 1:34, 11:11, 17:53 are becoming obsolete, useless. Blocks of shit 
seconds are being sold right now (another important time). Time to buy. Time 
that fits but one action, one walk down super shiney aisles and out to grey 
soaked parking lots.

 It will never rub off on me; I won't give in; I won't even join a group that 
won't give in. I am too despondent. Would people believe that the sun does not
shine? No. My indirect point has been made.

 Fuck It All: Resist, it is noble and akin to breathing. But so many 
collections of resistance are such hypocrits, blasting fire at fire; and so 
unoriginal. Fuck them as well. Fuck the groups. Under the invisible banner of 
Fuck (no paper, no paint, no words, no chalk, please) is something, uncrushed
before it was born, uncrumpled before it was smoothed, uncensored before it
spoke.  Nothing is about to change for "the better": thus, concentrate on
your 5x5 garden plot.  Hate me for it if you wish. My pockets are sewn shut.
