I love this recipe.. unfortunately those living in the rest of this house seem
to prefer my mother's more watery version, but if you like a really good
hearty meat sauce that leaves you comfortably full at the end of the meal.. 
read on. Oh, and it also freezes and microwaves nicely.

(Incidently this is the first recipe I ever attempted in my life "on-my-own"
and its success was probably the only thing that saved me from eating Pizza 
Pops for another year)

SPAGHETTI BOLOGNESE
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
    1 medium onion
    1 garlic clove
  1/4 pound fresh mushrooms or an 8-ounce can mushrooms 
    2 large celery stalks
    1 pound lean ground beef
    1 tablespoon sugar
  1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
  1/2 teaspoon dried parsley
  1/2 teaspoon salt
  1/4 teaspoon black pepper
    1 12-ounce can tomato paste + 1 can water
   16 ounces spaghetti

    To make the sauce, peel and finely chop the onion and garlic. Wash the 
fresh mushrooms, cut away and discard the bottom 1/4 inch of the stems, and 
slice the mushrooms thin. Or open the can of mushrooms and discard the liquid.
Wash the celery stalks, trim and discard the ends and cut the stalks into 1/4 
inch slices. Set the vegetables aside.

    Without adding oil, brown the beef in a frying pan or medium-sized pot 
over medium heat, stirring frequently to break the meat into small clumps. 
This process takes about 10 minutes. After the meat has browned, drain any fat
by covering the pan with a lid and carefully pouring the liquid into an empty 
tin can. Throw away the can.

    Meanwhile, cover a large pot of water and begin heating it over medium-low
heat. You won't need to add the noodles for about 30 minutes, but at least the
water will be ready.

    Add the onion, garlic, mushrooms, celery, sugar, oregano, parsley, salt, 
black pepper, tomato paste and water to m
eat mixture. Stir thoroughly. Cook, 
covered, over low heat for 30 minutes. Stir every 10 minutes and add up to 1/2
cup more water if the sauce seems too thick (Mom Warning!--If the heat is too 
high, the sauce will stick to the bottom and burn). I like my sauce thick, but
some may prefer it thinner.

    When the sauce has finished cooking, add the spaghetti to the boiling 
water and stir to make sure all the noodles are submerged. Turn up the heat to
medium-high and set the timer for 8 minutes for dried pasta and 3 minutes for 
fresh. Continue to stir every minute or two to keep the noodles from sticking 
together. When the timer rings, taste a noodle to see if it's done. If it's a 
little too chewy, cook for another minute. Drain the noodles into a colander 
in the sink.

    Transfer the noodles to a large serving bowl and top with the meat sauce. 
Serve at once.

                                 from the
                                   "Help! My Apartment has a Kitchen" cookbook
